# CS305
The client, Artemis Financial, is requesting to have an API designed for their financial services firm. I was tasked with overseeing the security of the API. The business deals with financial investments of their clients so security is of the utmost importance. Throughout my inspection of the Artemis Financial API, I was able to visually recognize certain security flaws, in particular, generic passwords and vulnerabilities where SQL injection attacks would be able to compromise integrity. Security is crucial to any type of online business. If any type of attack leads to a data compromise trust with that company is lost and leaves the company with a bad reputation, resulting in a loss of clients. 
   Working through the vulnerability assesment helped provide structured guidelines in a security checklist. The assessment guide is a very effiecient tool when determining security risks. I will definitely be using it in the future. In order to fully test the code, I ran a dependency check and reviewed the vulnerabilities. After reviewing the vulnerabilities, the code was ran. Asecond vulnerability check was performed to check for any new vulnerabilities. I found the dependency check to be an extremely helpful tool. It proved to be useful when determining when certain libraries were out of date and needed to be updated. This project really brought to my attention the process of security testing. Sometimes code and the flashiness of the API are what gain the most attention but when it really come down to it, it is security that is the most important feature.
